Great Swen this is actually want to look at social signals and understand if they're important for as
CEO and getting us higher in the search engine results.
And in one line social signals are important but they're not important for as CEO they impact as CEO
and rightly so.
You know what are the social signals that we're talking about.
We've seen that links posted directly on social media or no follow.
So we saw using that to The Last Lecture social shares are also not counted as bottlings.
Now some of the other social signals that come up in the conversation about whether they impact SEO
or things like the number of shares throughout the world the number of people that like your brand on
Facebook the number of Facebook shares.
Number of Twitter followers.
Number of tweets mentioning your brand including a link to your Web site.
There's a lot of debate in the U.S. here or whether these really impact your rankings in the search
engines.
Some fairly well-known as heroes have done some experiments to show some results but really the definitive
answer that came back from two was yes there can be correlation in terms of content.
That's widely shared also rank science search engines but it doesn't mean it's the causation.
So let's look at why it's social is 10 important.
Well number one things build awareness of what you are offering so doesn't matter if there are no fallings
if when people see them it creates awareness which your business and watch your offerings.
They don't even need to be clicked.
They just need to be seen and they're creating awareness.
Links can also lead to profits so even if there are no follow people that we can become aware.
Click on that link and say go onto the site do free trial and then Altamonte they've purchased your
products so again that's hugely beneficial.
Even though it might not help you rank in the search engine results and also links can create more links
.
So say for example someone posted something on Twitter and Like a citation.
I go have a look at it.
I think it's a great resource.
I write a blog post about it and I create and do follow link to the resource so that's the way that
it can indirectly then you know create things that actually do matter for us.
So that's I hope that cleared that for you if you'd if you had any questions about that I want to say
.
The one exception in terms of social media that actually directly impacts the rankings in the search
engines is Google Plus some probably won't might not be too surprising since Google Plus is made by
Google knows that gives them a little bit of an advantage there.
And that's why in the next section we're going to spend one next year looking about in some more detail
because it's the one thing that really can affect your rankings directly.
So that's quite exciting.
And we're going to look at that more detail Ederle